README.md, before:

## XVK_DROID: Add X11 window surface support for Android Vulkan driver in Termux.

### Project stage

Proved viable (Successfully tested on simple programs).

### Tests
#### Programs
- [x] xcb hello triangle
- [x] GLFW hello triangle
- [x] vkcube
- [x] vkmark (~900 FPS on SD8Gen3)
- [] gears (Via zink, only shows the red gear)
- [] glmark2 (Via zink, can't finish the benchmark, crash in the middle of it, error: `ralloc_header *get_header(const void *): assertion "info->canary == CANARY" failed`. ~350-400 FPS on SD8Gen3)
- [] firefox (Only 4 FPS in WebGL Samples Aquarium)
- [] chromium (Can use vulkan when enabling Vulkan flag. Can't use OpenGL provide by zink. Can't run WebGL samples or WebGPU samples. Can't create vkCreateInstance)
- [] box64 wine dxvk
- [] wgpu programs

### TODO
- [] Support untested programs in the list above.
- [] Provide prebuilt binaries and make it a deb package.
- [] Publish to Termux repo.
- [] Make it an ICD driver to support coexisting with other vulkan drivers.
- [] Reduce overhead to improve performance.

### How to use the program

#### Build the program
Requirement: rust

Run in the repository:  
```
cargo build -r -p vulkan
```  
The resulting library will be `target/release/libvulkan.so`

#### Use the program to replace the default libvulkan

Run in the repository if you have make installed:  
```
make create_link
```
Or run
```
ln -s target/release/libvulkan.so libvulkan.so
ln -s target/release/libvulkan.so libvulkan.so.1
```
if you don't.  

This will create symbolic links to the library in the root of the repository, the reason to do this is  
1. for convenience  
2. GLFW load `libvulkan.so.1` rather than libvulkan.so. We need to create an additional `libvulkan.so.1` for programs using GLFW to work.

To run program using the `libvulkan.so` provided by this project. Run  
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH program_name
```  
in the root of the repository.  
For example:  
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH vkcube
```  
vkcube can be installed using  
```
pkg install vulkan-tools
```

Or you can export envirenment variables to use this library to run all the program in the this shell.  
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```  
For example:
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
vkmark
```
vkmark is in the tur-repo, to install it, run:
```
pkg i tur-repo
pkg i vkmark
```

Commit message:

basic support for some surface ext

README.md, after:

## XVK_DROID: Add X11 window surface support for Android Vulkan driver in Termux.

### Project stage

Proved viable (Successfully tested on simple programs).  
Current implementation first copies VkImage inside the swapchain to a VkBuffer, then uses xcb PutImage request to copies the image data inside the VkBuffer to the window surface.

### Tests
#### Programs
✅: Works fine.  
🛠️: Tested, but not functioning well.  
⏹️: Untested.

- ✅ xcb hello triangle
- ✅ GLFW hello triangle
- ✅ vkcube
- ✅ vkmark (~900 FPS on SD8Gen3)
- 🛠️ gears (Via zink, only shows the red gear, ~400-500 FPS on SD8Gen3)
- 🛠️ glmark2 (Via zink, can't finish the benchmark, crash in the middle of it, error: `ralloc_header *get_header(const void *): assertion "info->canary == CANARY" failed`. ~350-400 FPS on SD8Gen3)
- 🛠️ firefox (Only 4 FPS in WebGL Samples Aquarium)
- 🛠️ chromium (When enabling vulkan flag: in chome://gpu, vulkan info shows it is using xvk_droid, but dawn is using the original vulkan loader)
- ⏹️ Minecraft (Require compiling OpenJFX for termux)
- ⏹️ box64 wine dxvk
- ⏹️ wgpu programs (Winit is assuming termux an android environment)

### TODO
- Support untested programs in the list above.
- Provide prebuilt binaries and make it a deb package.
- Publish to Termux repo.
- Make it an ICD driver to support coexisting with other vulkan drivers.
- Reduce overhead to improve performance.

### How to use the program

#### Build the program
Requirement: rust

Run in the repository:  
```
cargo build -r -p vulkan
```  
The resulting library will be `target/release/libvulkan.so`

#### Use the program to replace the default libvulkan

Run in the repository if you have make installed:  
```
make create_link
```
Or run
```
ln -s target/release/libvulkan.so libvulkan.so
ln -s target/release/libvulkan.so libvulkan.so.1
```
if you don't.  

This will create symbolic links to the library in the root of the repository, the reason to do this is  
1. for convenience  
2. GLFW load `libvulkan.so.1` rather than libvulkan.so. We need to create an additional `libvulkan.so.1` for programs using GLFW to work.

To run program using the `libvulkan.so` provided by this project. Run  
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH program_name
```  
in the root of the repository.  
For example:  
```
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH vkcube
```  
vkcube can be installed using  
```
pkg install vulkan-tools
```

Or you can export envirenment variables to use this library to run all the program in the this shell.  
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$PWD:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
```  
Or using
```
. set_env.sh
```
for convenience. Afterwards all the program ran in the same shell will use this library as the vulkan implementation.
For example:
```
. set_env.sh
vkmark
```
vkmark is in the tur-repo, to install it, run:
```
pkg i tur-repo
pkg i vkmark
```
